"He died doing what he loved" would be a horrible thing to say at a drug addicts funeral.
If self-driving cars kick in fast enough, Women may never be able to drive in Saudi Arabia.
Between the coffee and the cocaine, it looks like the mission of Colombia is to wake up the world.
/r/Showerthoughts should have hot/cold tap heads as the upvote/downvote buttons
every cell in my body knows how to replicate DNA yet I'm not in on it so I have to spend hours studying it
Everyday, someone on Earth unknowingly does the biggest poo in the world for that day.
My 102 year old grandmother has lived through 42% of US history.
It would be really weird if emotional dramas had "cry tracks" similar to sitcoms with laugh tracks.
Every "How it's made" video should be archived in the event of an apocalypse.
Most orchestras are just 1800's cover bands.
I drive safer when there's food on my passenger seat than when there's a person sitting there.
As a child, the concept of having a favourite color seemed more important than it turned out to be.
Girl Scouts is basically a brand-name cookie company that gets away with child labor.
On any given day in a hospital, you can find people having the best day of their life, the worst day of their life, the first day of their life, and the last day of their life all under one roof.
Dora calls herself an "explorer," but travels exclusively through mapped territories
If people who hate minions subscribe to /r/MinionHate, it fills their front page with even more minions.
If 9/11 had happened this year instead of 2001, we'd have all kinds of horrifying, incredible footage from people trapped inside the World Trade Center since everyone would have had a smartphone.
I would rather spend 10 extra minutes driving on an empty road than be in traffic.
As a bald, hairy man, I should probably shampoo my body and use body wash soap on my head.
Dog food could say it's any flavor it wants, you're not going to test it.
You know you're an adult when your house makes noises and you're scared it's an expensive repair bill and not a monster.
Cowboys that ride off into the sunset quickly run out of daylight and have to camp just outside of town. Probably should've just stayed put for the night instead of being all dramatic.
Porn sites should enable sorting by the number of people who left the website after watching the video
I don't get why people are upset we haven't invented hover-boards by 2015 when according to the same movie, we should've had a time machine back in in 1985.
Were it not for Steve Harvey, most of us would not have even known the Miss Universe pageant took place yesterday.
I've woken up over 10,000 times and I'm still not used to it
You never know how many people you dislike until you have to name your child
If you attempt to rob a bank you won't have any trouble with rent/food bills for the next 10 years whether you are successful or not
That Google Chrome "what tab is being noisy?" speaker icon should function as a mute button.
People argue with me more in my head than they do in real life.
Cellphones should have 2 passwords for unlock, one which would be for you and unrestricted.. the other would be for you parents/friends that wouldn't show awkward applications/photos
When I was a younger person I had to use the Oxford dictionary to understand adult words and now that I'm an adult I have to use urban dictionary to understand younger people words.
If someone farts at a poker tournament, no one will ever know who did it.
I mostly use my driver's license to buy stuff that impairs my ability to drive.
The only time I've ever used the panic button on my car key is when I accidentally press it, causing me panic.
You should be able to yell "BE RIGHT THERE" to your phone and since it knows you're coming, it gives you a few extra rings before sending the user to voicemail.
The missing Malaysia flight 370 is exactly what the show "Lost" would've looked like from the rest of the world's POV.
There should be a take your parent to work day so that they can see what their kid has grown up to be.
Thanks to the Internet, I have probably seen more naked ladies than all of my ancestors combined.
2 days off: Typical weekend. 3 days off: Well rested. 4+ days off: Forget every single element of what it takes to be a functional member of society.
Coming from a big family, I don't know what is more sad - That one of us will have to go to seven funerals, or that one of us won't have to go to any.
I wish I had a Mario Kart-like ghost of myself punctually getting ready for work in the morning so I'd know if I was running late.
I still use my college ID to get two dollars off movie tickets 15 years after graduating. So, if i see 10,000 movies my diploma will have pretty much paid for itself!
Your future self is watching you right now through memories.
Due to the evolution of bacteria with respect to our bodies natural defense mechanisms, traveling forward in time could kill you, and traveling back in time could kill everyone.
I should ask my barber where he gets his hair cut, then go there and slowly make my way up the chain until I find THE GREATEST BARBER IN THE WORLD...or perhaps just a bald dude.
Isn't it weird in movies sometimes when there's a fight on top of a truck yet all the cars behind them will be driving like normal like "this is real messed up but I'm not going to be late for work".
The real unsung hero in School Of Rock is the promoter who got about 2,000 people to a local Battle Of The Bands on a weekday morning.
My car keys have traveled more than my car
Because telescopes work using mirrors, we'll never know if there are any space vampires.
The world isn't getting dumber. It's just easier for dumb people to get their thoughts heard.
If doctor had told me I have 6 months left to live, I would approach it as any other deadline and probably just be lazy until the last month.
All males strive to "be the man" while avoiding "being that guy".
It's a good thing Dr. Seuss books come with pictures, because otherwise I'd have no fuckin clue what he was talking about.
To the dinosaurs, we live in a post-apocalyptic future.
Bruce Wayne's parents being murdered was the best thing that ever happened to Gotham
Nothing says "top of the food chain" like squid-ink calamari pasta: you're eating another animal, and seasoning it with its defense mechanism.
While growing up, the Bermuda Triangle seemed like a real threat for a while there.
Why are wedding dresses bought and tuxedos rented? The utility of each is such that it should be the other way around.
As a kid, I had absolutely no idea that my favourite thing as an adult would be doing nothing.
You know you're fucked if your favorite band visits you while you're in a hospital
If I see something like a cat or hydraulic press at the top of the front page I know all has been relatively well with the western world for the past 24 hours
I can't remember a single product I've seen advertised on Youtube. Not one. My brain registers the ad as an impediment to what it wants and immediately shifts my focus to something else until it's over.
I don't appreciate the time that I don't have a cold nearly enough as I should.
You could seriously piss off your neighbours by buying a puppy and naming it the same as their child.
I'm raising my son on Netflix, and so far he has not been exposed to one iota of advertising, and has no idea what the 'cool' toys are.
Adblock should buy out signs around time square and replace them with "This ad has been blocked by Adblock"
In a submarine battle you can be under fire, underwater, on fire, and taking on water all at the same time.
We use sex to sell everything. We arrest those who buy and sell actual sex.
I'm so afraid of commitment that when choosing a default app to open a file, I always pick 'just once' over 'always'.
A Batman movie from the point of view of a random street gang would probably be a lot like the film "Predator"
I've seen people on reddit do more intense research on random shit than I ever have in high school and college put together
The star wars films are set mainly in outer space yet they've never once shown a zero gravity scene.
All the guys from 'Pawn Stars' should compete on an episode of 'The Price is Right'
There should be a website where you can sign up and swap your Halloween costume with another person every year to save yourself money.
For most of human history, vehicles had automatic collision avoidance and could even take you home when you were sleeping or drunk. Then we got rid of the horse.
I've clicked thousands of links on reddit without getting a virus. Yet, my grandparents can spend 10 minutes on my laptop and get a virus.
If Obama was the president of Kenya, he would be their first white president.
You know it's time to check your bank account when you're too afraid to check your bank account.
I spent seven hours vividly hallucinating then I woke up and ate the meat of other animals for energy, now i'm going to do something I don't want to for eight hours for pieces of paper.
Someone should use screen recording software to record an entire day's worth of working on spreadsheets and post it to YouTube so that I can play it full screen and pretend like I'm working.
Reddit is the only place where I've learnt to not trust the article headlines and instead expect a stranger in the comments to tell me the truth
I spent my early 20's trying to get new games to play on old computers and I spent my late 30's trying to get old games to play on new computers
I'm bored when I listen to a song from my personal music library, but when it's played on the radio I get excited like it's the greatest song ever.
If two pregnant women get into a fist fight, it's like a mech battle between two fetuses.
Me not being able to watch "The Interview" is the first real time I've ever directly been affected by North Korea
I would like to give thanks to the brave men and women who died a long time ago tasting which plants were edible and which plants were not.
We put clocks in our mobile phones, so we didn't need to look at watches. Now we put mobile phones in our watches so we don't need to look at our mobile phones.
We need a Boy Scouts for adult men. I'd love to go camping, hunting, &amp; fishing and learn about nature with like-minded individuals.
Whenever I type 'etc...' It usually means I'm completely out of examples.
Art is how we decorate space; music is how we decorate time.
Waking up with a hangover is like rebooting in safe mode. The main functions still work, but it's impossible to get anything else done.
I am more responsible with the resources I have in video games than I am with the resources I have in real life.
As an Adult I think about running away way more then I ever did as a kid.
Best thing about the Panama Papers scandal so far is that its name doesn't end in "gate".
Europeans may have introduced Smallpox and decimated Native Americans, but Native Americans introduced Europeans to tobacco, killing many more over the subsequent 500 years. Well played, Natives.
From the mouth of my 8 year old son: "When you think about the future, your mind is time traveling."
Facebook's list of "suggested friends" is quite literally a list of people I've been avoiding my entire life.
Hundreds of people put thousands of hours of work into a project, just for me to watch two minutes of it on Netflix then say "Ugh, nevermind."
My dog keeps bringing me the same toy. I wonder if that is his favorite toy, or if he thinks it is my favorite toy.
The fact that Google autocompletes all of my questions is an affirmation of how unoriginal all my problems are.
At age 30, you've spent a month having birthdays.
Most animals don't recognize their own reflection because their brains aren't complex enough. I wonder if humans have observed something which we cannot comprehend or even know we cannot comprehend because our brains lack that complexity.
In a 500-day period I could theoretically meet someone, get married, have a baby, and get divorced--and yet I'd still be using the same box of Q-tips.
Food doesn't really go 'bad' something just starts eating it before you do.
"It's Raining Men," and "Let the Bodies Hit the Floor," are about the same event, but wildly different perspectives.
I never realized how short a month is until I started paying rent
Wherever a fatal car crash or pedestrian death occurs, a red square with the year of the accident should be permanently included in the pavement. Seeing a lot of red squares in a given location would make drivers and pedestrians more careful.
"I sold an hour of my life for $13" doesn't sound nearly as good as "I make $13/hour."
During childhood, we are told that jokes about the genital areas are adult content, but once we become adults, these jokes are considered "childish".
When I unsubscribe from a newsletter and get an email confirming that I've been unsubscribed, it feels like they needed to be the one to say the last word in an argument.
My phone knows how to route me around an accident miles ahead in real time, but still hasn't figured out what the hell I'm doing when I pull off the road into a gas station.
The moral of Rudolph the Red nose reindeer is that no one likes you unless you're useful.
If Katniss and Peeta from "Hunger Games" were Hollywood celebrities, their supercouple nickname would either be Katpee or Peeniss
Batman is a 1 percenter beating up the mentally ill.
As an adult, you can literally do what ever you want to do, I always end up wanting to just go home.
Beatboxers must be really good at demonstrating the noise their car has been making when they bring it to a mechanic.
The iconic Alien is to us what we are to apes: small, pale, big headed, and with unfathomable technology. We even abduct them for medical experiments.
You aren't actually afraid of being left alone in your house, or in the forest; You're afraid that you AREN'T alone.
When my parents owned a huge VHS camcorder, they filmed everything. Now that there's a video camera in their pocket, they film nothing.
Touch-free soap dispensers are pretty pointless if the soap actually works.
Growing up, I heard a lot about Anchovy Pizzas. Now that I'm an adult, I realize that I have never once heard anyone order an Anchovy Pizza.
The Simpsons has been on the air long enough that I've stopped identifying with the kids and started identifying with the adults
My dog and I are best friends despite sharing almost no interests.
I am a much better proofreader the moment after I post something than the moment before.
It's hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it's damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person.
The leather jacket I've been wearing for 10 years has been worn longer by me than the cow that it came from.
We live in a world where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons..
Trying to get rich by playing the lottery is like trying to commit suicide by flying on commercial airlines.
Every year, reddit should take that year's top 12 submissions from /r/earthporn and turn them into a calendar, and sell it on the reddit marketplace.
All porn videos should start with 5 seconds of music to remind me that my volume is turned up.
Kanye West is offering a prize to anyone who can guess what Kanye West's new album title "TLOP" stands for. Kanye West probably doesn't even know what it stands for. Kanye West is waiting for someone to submit the best title.
Letting your date use your phone charger, even though you're at 25%, is the 21st century equivalent of putting your coat over a puddle.
YouTube should permanently disable ads on Rick Astley's 'Never Gonna Give You Up' so the joke isn't ruined
I wish I could see a woman that I know is equally as attractive as I am so I know how attractive I am to the opposite sex
Between pens and lighters, Bic is making a fortune off of people losing their products.
I used to carry a condom in a particular pocket in my purse. I now carry stamps in there instead. At some point in the last few years, it became more likely that I'd send a letter than have sex.
Cats are the type of animal that, if they could, they would correct your grammar.
The first eighteen years of your life are like a free trial, and after that it's pay to play.
If Google Maps added 5 minutes to every time estimate on directions millions of people would be on time for things.
Mosquitoes are like dirty used needles that can fly.
Victoria is living the dream we all have when we get fired - that the company that fired us will instantly and fantastically fall apart.
The skeleton isn't inside you, you're the brain so you're inside the skeleton
Being attracted to your own flacid penis would be the worst fetish ever
I'm willing to spend countless hours perfecting my MMO character but i halfass my way through real life.
Google maps should have a "Scenic!" route option for when we're not in a hurry and just want to enjoy the ride.
When I don't text people back right away it's because I'm working, busy or just don't feel like talking at that moment. When people don't text ME back immediately I think they're either dead or hate me and are purposely ignoring me.
Superman's build should be thin and scrawny, because nothing is heavy enough to offer him a proper resistance workout.
Every time my wife shows me something on facebook before I see it on reddit I feel like all of you have failed me.
By the end of this century people will start looking up their ancestors on Facebook.
After clearing your browser history, there should be an option to have it filled with random 'normal' websites, instead of it being all empty.
As a kid I thought being able to perfectly reproduce my signature would be much a bigger deal than it actually is.
I just now realized the connection between the words "timid" and "intimidate"
Reddit is like riding a bus. Everybody is talking at the same time so you can't make out anything good and on the rare occasion you hear someone talk about something interesting, that you could contribute to, it is too late and that part of their conversation is over.
Every paper towel commercial reminds me that the cleanest solution is to just not have children.
Having Facebook, there is no more reason to have high school reunions, you already know what people are up to and you still don't care.
The only reason that "shower thoughts" is even a thing is because showering is one of the very rare times that it is impossible to have your face buried in the Internet, thus enabling your capability for abstract and creative thought.
As an early 90's child, I'm really glad that a 6 to 15-year-old me couldn't post my thoughts all over the Internet.
Ever noticed how supervillains are always trying to change things and superheroes always try to resist the change?
The older I get the more I envy Homer Simpson. He owns a 4bd house, has a loving and supportive wife, and job security.
Having anti-piracy messages on legitimately bought and legal DVDs is like lecturing a punctual classroom on attendance.
I didn't exist in your world until you started reading this sentence of mine
If organized crime started printing high quality counterfeit college textbooks and then sold them at cut rate prices, it would be a really good public relations move.
Homeless people should relocate to local Best Buy, Toys R Us, Walmart locations for the holidays. Get line for Black Friday. Then sell their spot in line on Thanksgiving night.
If you wanted to be incognito by choosing the most common first and last name in the world, you'd really stand out, Mohamed Wang.
Considering how there's no traces of humans in the film, the Lion King could be set in any era. It could be the bronze age, 21st century or a cyborg future where humanity has gone extinct.
"I work for one of the richest companies in the world" sounds a lot better than "I work at Walmart"
Adding an "e" to the end of a word makes it seem old, but adding one to the beginning makes it sound high-tech.
Babysitting is a way for teenagers to feel like adults while adults go out to feel like teenagers.
Zombies should be naked from the waist down. All of that weight lost to dehydration and rot would cause their pants to fall down.
If Google matched people up by their browsing history, it could be the greatest online dating website of all time.
Mummies are just upper-class zombies.
Now that I'm older, I realize the joke isn't that Squidward hates his job, but that SpongeBob loves it.
If you're over 30, you were alive before every dog in the world.
Procrastinating is just enjoying all the side quests in life whilst you delay the main quest story mission
Weird Al Yankovich has managed to remain culturally relevant far longer than most of the people he's parodied
I never realised how great having no food allergies is. I can go to the store and literally buy anything without having to check the ingredients.
Barn owls must have been stoked when the barn was finally invented.
People who ask easily-Googled questions are looking for interaction, not answers.
The idea of a ghost that moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex in the adjacent room and denied having heard the sounds.
If you rip a hole in a net, there's actually fewer holes in it than it was before
Given that Deadpool is aware he is in a comic/movie, the best commentary track for the BluRay would be Deadpool watching his own movie.
I'm quitting smoking because my niece told me that she wants me to "be around as long as possible". If I get hit by a bus tomorrow I am going to be so pissed off that I fell for her sentimental crap.
There exists a set of finite actions that, if I performed them in the correct order, would make me a millionaire in a day. I just don't know what they are.
A baby is initially in water (womb), then comes to land (born), then crawls on the body, then walks on four feet, then stands up and walks on two feet. Just like the evolution from fish to reptiles to mammals to humans.
Scary movies should put high pitched sounds only dogs can hear so your dog will start acting crazy for (seemingly) no reason at the scariest parts.
The moral of the Ugly Duckling is that everything was ok because he was actually pretty
I swallow my own saliva hundreds of times a day, but the idea of spitting into a cup and drinking it makes me gag.
What if all the Ancient Greek sculptures are actually victims of Medusa?
Amazon should have a "Secret Santa" feature, where you buy an item for a random person who has it on their wish list.
You know shit just went down in a tv episode when they show the credits with no music
You think you're unique until you have to choose a username
The reason I want to get ahead in life is so that I can be lazy once and for all.
i have never seen a blind person reading a public braille sign
in theory, there is a combination of digital 0's and 1's that would result in a video of me having a threesome with Jennifer Lawrence and Emma Watson.
The word "Fat" just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word "Eat".
I wonder what my dog named me
Most people are buried in suits and stuff so a zombie apocalypse would be a formal event
I have an undergrad degree in math. I wonder how far back in time I have to go to be considered the world's greatest mathematician
While Apple's new campus is being built, I wonder how many jokes have been made about "installing windows"
Watching Jeopardy backwards would be about a panel of 3 people asking Alex Trebek questions that he always gets right.
Nightmares are fucking weird. Your brain is the author, viewer and cinema of a horror movie whose script is probably written as you are viewing it.
By midday browsing Reddit just becomes a game of Which Unclicked Link Sounds the Least Shitty.
If Wile E. Coyote had enough money to buy all that ACME stuff, why didn't he just buy dinner
Our ultimate goal is to make as many people as sad as possible when we die.
I am more willing to go to the 12th page of pornhub than I am to the 2nd page of google.
The Assassin's Creed series is going to run out of time periods where it's normal to have large piles of hay lying around.
If alcohol was classified like any other drug it would be a prime example of how drugs can ruin your life
Casinos should play monopoly with actual money
I'm a virgin. If i donated sperm the babies would technically be born of a virgin.
The fact that since our skins weren't warm enough, we stole the skins of other animals and wore them instead, is pretty creepy.
I like to think money wouldn't change me; yet when I'm winning Monopoly I'm a terrible person.
If keyboards came with braille on them, we all could have subconsciously learned braille by now.
The speed of light is 186000 miles per second. My car is 8 years old and just hit 186000 miles. So it took my car 8 years to travel as far as light does in a second.
For Halloween, SnapChat should add a person standing in the background only after you take the picture.
75% of reddit going dark means this is probably my best chance of ever getting to the frontpage
If I save up all my dryer lint, I could spin it back into yarn and knit myself a sweater that's the average color of my entire wardrobe.
My baby only says "baby". This is the closest I'll ever be to having a Pokemon.
All my professors this semester have degrees from Harvard. So I guess I'm getting a Harvard education.
My dream last night had a plot twist. I "created" the plot twist, yet didn't see it coming...
My kids don't beg for toys and I realized it's because they never get to see commercials
Despite being an "island", Antarctica has no south coast. Only one big North coast.
Technology didn't make our society shittier, it just exposed all of the shitty things in our society.
Imagine being completely naked in a room full of people who speak a different language and everyone wants to touch you. This is the life of a dog.
Never in my entire life have I been naked for 24 hours straight...
You never realize how few original Christmas songs there are until you work in retail and have to hear the same 6 songs sung by 10 different people in a 4 hr shift.
It's strange that the adoption process is so strict and rigorous; and yet any two people can produce a baby with no regulation whatsoever.
If your house burns down, there is probably a point where some food is perfectly cooked before it's over.
The poor poor mods of almost every sub are going to have Star Wars spoiled for them
When you step onto asphalt, you are standing on a nearly unbroken web which extends over almost the entire continent
I can search the entire Internet faster than I can search my computer
Since the Death Star is the size of a small moon, Obi Wan and Luke were very lucky that they docked close to the things they needed to accomplish
The share button on reddit should say "Spreddit"
I wonder if the person who fired Victoria will post about it in /r/TIFU?
I'm lucky enough to live in a country where if I hear an air raid siren I expect it to be followed by phat bass and a banging tune.
Google maps should have a "on the way" feature to find the most convenient gas station, Starbucks, or whatever along the route to your destination.
When you're a kid, staying up late makes you feel like an adult. When you're an adult, staying up late makes you feel like a kid.
Outer space is 50 miles up. Canada is 200 miles north. I'm closer to outer space than I am to Canada.
Urban Dictionary is nice, but I could really use an Urban Thesaurus.
I've used my driver's license more to buy alcohol than to prove I'm a registered driver.
When you buy a washing machine it should come with a laundry basket that indicates how much can fit into the washing machine.
"Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people" is a quote that discusses people.
My resume is really just a list of things I hope I never have to do again.
I haven't heard a damn thing about acid rain since high school.
If a bigger car implies a smaller penis, and larger shoes imply a larger penis, then clowns must have massive dicks.
I wonder if, in past times, the space on Earth currently being occupied by my kitchen was the site of an epic life-or-death battle between two giant dinosaurs.
Phone numbers in movies should be real numbers that just play commercials for upcoming movies by the same studio
"Taking candy from a baby" would actually be a responsible thing to do.
Now that I'm 25, I'm finally old enough to play a high schooler on TV.
Why hasn't anyone strapped some cameras onto a sperm whale? They regularly dive into the deepest parts of the ocean and supposedly fight giant squids.
In paintball, you should be allowed to use a paintbrush as a knife.
Humans spend the first 18 (or more) years of their lives getting caught up to speed about what the other humans have been doing for the past few thousand years
There should be a Tinder for friends. I don't care about getting laid, but I'd really like a friend to play board games or go hiking with.
People who don't sleep enough die sooner. People who do, sleep through that extra time.
When I'm in a hurry every slow or easy going driver pisses me off. When I'm not in a hurry every aggressive driver pisses me off.
The human body is really quiet for everything it does.
We should get a notification every time someone attempts to create an account with our username, so we can feel good about ourselves for getting there first
Bear Grylls should take the spoiled rich kids from MTV's My Super Sweet 16 to live in the wild and name the show "Grylls Scouts"
The average student learns calculus at a slightly younger age than when Isaac Newton discovered it.
There are seven year olds in America who have never had a white president
In Japan, radiation creates monsters (Godzilla) and in America radiation creates superheroes
The engineer who invented automatic doors is eternally the greatest gentleman
I have no physical evidence that today is Sunday, I just take everyone's word for it that they've kept count since the first one ever.
I hope that when Donald Trump dies he gets cremated and the guy working the oven says "You're fired" and laughs.
When I watched That 70's Show as a teen, I related to Eric and his quest for sex and acceptance among his peers. Now, watching as an adult, I relate to Red's struggle to support his family and his general dislike of people.
In the movie Terminator 2, the Terminator and the T-1000 talking on the phone were two AI machines trying to convince each other that they were human.
Your stomach thinks all potato is mashed.
Harry Potter named his kids like some geek who is obsessed with Harry Potter.
I wonder if my cursor has passed over every pixel on my computer screen
The Onion must be pissed because they can't come up with anything about Donald Trump that's funnier than his real life.
If I was teleported to the middle ages, I'd have no idea how to recreate any current technology.
In Stuart Little, the Little family walked into an orphanage, looked at ever child there, and decided on a rodent.
As someone who was born well after Nixon's Presidency, I have learned more about him through Futurama than anything else.
The only difference between Hoarders and Extreme Couponing seems to be shelving units.
Buying someone reddit gold is like walking around in a store with your buddies and giving the manager $4 when your friend says something particularly funny or insightful.
Mosquitoes are grossly overlooked as a threat during the zombie apocalypse.
Condoms are one of the most environmentally friendly things invented by man. A single one has the potential to eliminate the carbon emissions of an entire human over the course of their lifetime.
One of the perks of being a woman is that no one can ever surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you're the mom.
One day someone will use "I thought I was still in VR" as a criminal defense
The witches from Sabrina having a cat called Salem is like a Jewish family with a cat called Auschwitz.
In high school, I was jealous of the girls who only dated college guys. Then I got into college and saw the guys who only dated high school girls.
Why don't jedis turn off their opponents lightsabers by force pressing the button?
Anyone notice the irony behind "hyphenated" and "non-hyphenated"?
I just got a book (made of tree) and put it in gift wrap (made of tree). Then I wrote a card in pencil (made of more trees) to put it in an envelope (another tree) and put it all under a goddamned TREE.
If horses were carnivorous. They'd be fucking terrifying.
Cartoons made me think dog catchers were super common, but now I'm pretty sure they don't even exist
Right now, "Friends" could be rebroadcast as, "That 90s Show."
When I was a single guy who played video games all the time, all I wanted was a girlfriend. Now, as a married guy, all I want is to be able to play video games all the time.
If Homer Simpson were a Democratic congressman from Springfield, Ohio, he'd be "Homer Simpson (D-OH)".
The term ASAP is quite aggressive when used, but when you break it down to what it actually means it sounds quite reasonable.
In FBI shows, cops are incompetent unskilled simpletons who just get in the way. In Cop shows, the FBI are bureaucratic incompetent simpletons who just get in the way.
When a browser asks "Would you like to remember this password?" there ought to be a button that says "Only if it works".
New Horizons traveled 3 billion miles to Pluto before Tool was able to complete a new album.
The White Power Ranger doesn't sound like a character for a kids television show.
The radio in my video game has a greater variety of music than the one in my car.
If today I asked a girl A/S/L and she responded with "?" I would immediately know she was too young for me
At a 27.44mph top speed, it is illegal for Usain Bolt to run in a school zone
I prefer reading dumb comments on Reddit rather then Facebook because I don't feel sad that my friend are so stupid
If you would mount garbage trucks with camera's you could weekly update google maps street view.
Snapchat is ruining all the progress we made on getting people to take horizontal videos
If my job was to browse reddit I would probably spend less time on reddit at work.
Botox could be considered a performance enhancing drug for poker players
If I'm high enough to think my dog thinks I smoke too much, he's probably right.
If there's a mean dog or a wild horse in a movie, they have to train an animal to act untrained.
Google maps should have an "I need gas" feature. This button would re-direct your route through the nearest gas station.
Saving Private Ryan, Interstellar, and now The Martian are all about saving Matt Damon
Saying "I've lost the stylus for my tablet" would have also made sense 2000 years ago
I wonder if the Reddit offices are full of cubicle workers who are constantly surfing websites about insurance, banking, and other office stuff when they're supposed to be looking at Reddit threads.
The most suspicious thing you can bring on an airplane is a parachute
I'm pretty sure I've spanked my wife more than her parents ever did.
I don't text or call people. I'm paying $70 a month to look at memes on the go.
Should I trust a pet shampoo that says it hasn't been tested on animals?
"Netflix and chill" has to be one of the largest unintentional ad campaigns in history
I wish there was a Facebook feature to "Hide this person for one month"... Give them a time out for being annoying without writing them off entirely.
This subreddit is one of the few I can thoroughly enjoy without ever opening the posts.
If immortality becomes a thing... I'm going to quit my job and become a divorce attorney.
Instead of a reboot, Ghostbusters should have been Bill Murray in a retirement home, dealing with the ghosts there.
If there were people who could read minds, they would hear an awful lot of songs, sung with incorrect words, and likely very out of tune or rhythm.
I have never seen a plus sized male model
My body probably thinks I'm some super Alpha-Male who eats a lot of high fat foods and "impregnates" women multiple times a day.
My Facebook password is 14 characters with a capitalized letter and two numbers... my bank pin # is 4 digits
The most tragic victims of irony are the trees cut down to make copies of The Lorax.
Most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. We are reverting to the era of pocket watches.
What the hell does a golfer do when they retire? Most people retire then take up golf.
If you've had sex with less then 12 people, then having sex with you is a more exclusive club then walking on the moon
R/Creepy should continue to show up on your front page even after you unsubscribe
I wonder if a murderer has ever crossed my path, contemplated murdering me, and then thought "nah".
Most people's first word of the year is "happy".
I can readily find videos of people being brutally beaten and murdered on youtube but if I use 30 seconds of a song my account gets terminated.
Breaking Bad could have aired in the year 2000. Walter White never once uses a computer, Jesse Pinkman uses a flip phone, and videos are shared between characters through DVDs.
IMDB should have a "can be confused for" section for actors.
I can't believe a James Bond movie didn't come out in 2007
Its odd that PornHub's comment section is less dumb and more friendly than YouTube's
The laugh track in "How I Met Your Mother" would make more sense if it were two kids laughing, rather than a studio audience.
Reddit is the only place where I read the comments on a news article instead of reading the article.
If you're no longer covered by your parent's health insurance, your manufacturer's warranty is over
In the near future thanks to self-driving cars, "drunk driving" will mean waking up on the side of the road somewhere, out of gas because you thought "Disneyland" was a good destination at 3:00 AM.
The Hobbit was a book about the dangers of greed. The Hobbit films were ruined because of greed.
If we ever end up settling on a planet with low gravity, boobs will stay perkier much longer.
If Stanley Kubrick DID direct the moon landing, he would probably be so perfectionist he had them film on location anyway.
They could replace the entire D.A.R.E. program with single viewing of Requiem for a Dream, and it would be more effective.
My standard of living is far greater than that of a king in medieval times.
Chat roulette should shadowban masturbating men by secretly connecting them only to other shadowbanned people.
Kim Jong Un is the real life equivalent to Plankton
"I make $30,000 a year" sounds totally different than "I will sell you an hour of my life for $14".
/r/mildlyinteresting has more subscribers than /r/interesting, suggesting the former is more interesting than the latter
I'm an organ donor. If I die tomorrow, my death will be cause for major celebration for a total stranger.
Eminem always worried about his daughter not fitting in because of his explicit rapping. A clean-rapping father didn't seem to help Jaden Smith fit in at all
The more interracial sex we have, the less interracial sex we can have.
The McRib is the deadbeat dad of fast food sandwiches. It disappears for months at a time and then we're supposed to get all excited when it shows back up again.
I wish I could wipe current thoughts from my mind like I can close running apps on my phone.
I would rather click through 10 different websites to find one list than click through 10 slides on one website
I think I've masturbated more times in my life than I've flossed.
The lottery is a great example of how if everyone just pitched in a couple dollars, how much money could be accumulated to get something big done.
Afromans 'Because I got High' taught me more accurate consequences of marijuana than anything they said in school
When I was a small child, my grandmother showed me love by playing along with my make believe games. Now that she is older and has dementia it is my turn to show love by playing along with hers.
What if every country has ninjas, but we only know about the Japanese ones because they’re rubbish?
I wonder how many couples will find out they both have Ashley Madison accounts.
The massive amount of gay sex that will happen tonight will have absolutely no effect on the birthrate in 9 months
From a wookie's perspective, Chewbacca is the handsome rogue and Han is the dumb sidekick communicating in animal noises.
I imagine my browser eye-rolling everytime I open a new incognito tab
Slow wifi pisses me off more than no wifi at all
My present self wants me to do my work later, but my future self wants me to do it right now.
In high school, I fantasized about freezing time to touch girls' boobs. That means I had more faith in me being able to stop time than being able to make a girl like me.
Why is Homer Simpson considered a professional failure? He is able to support a whole family in their own house as the sole earner.
Browsing Reddit has made me so accustomed to instant gratification that I find myself annoyed when I click something that turns out to be YouTube link.
On Reddit you're never sure if you're talking to a world expert in their field or a 15-year-old boy
I should have grown my hair really long in my 20's, then cut it off and saved it for use in a custom toupee now that I'm older and bald.
Gorillas don't know any bodybuilding techniques so we have probably never seen one at full potential.
There's a big bag of deadly acid in the middle of my body and I'm supposed to be totally okay with that.
The average cost of a pack of smokes is approximately 9.05. At last check, a 12-pack of socks at Walmart was $10. Therefore, if I quit smoking, I could put on, and then throw away, 11 brand new pairs of socks a day.
I would cause gigantic family rifts and break lifelong friendships if I commented on Facebook like I do on Reddit.
A successful marriage ends with watching the other person die.
The NSFW tag doesn't change if I view a post at work, just the angle I hold my phone when I view it.
I wonder if, through evolution, rain sounds are "soothing" at night because there's less of a chance of predators in a storm
The Olympics should give out platinum medals to anyone who breaks a world record
I spend more time staring at my speedometer to make sure I'm not speeding in a school zone than actually watching for children in the street
The first guy that paid for life insurance died never knowing if it was a scam.
Do the people who pose in those stock photos in frames just buy those frames and put them around their houses like "Here's the time I posed for a stock picture!"
“I don’t watch TV” proudly says a person who spends 8 hours a day on the internet
Once cell phones became prevalent, water balloons went from being mostly harmless to fairly detrimental.
Reddit is like a drug. It was exciting and fun at the start, now I just do it because it feels normal.
Gandalf forced a party on Bilbo to get rid of all his food so he wouldn't have a rotten pantry when he came back.
I never see the FBI anti-piracy warnings anymore because most of the movies I watch are pirated.
The oldest guy in the world breaks a world record every second
IF YOU TYPE SOMETHING ALL IN CAPS ACCIDENTALLY, you should be able to highlight said text and reverse it by hitting the caps lock key.
As a kid, nothing excited me more than seeing a McDonalds PlayPlace. As an adult, nothing disgusts me more than seeing a McDonalds PlayPlace
I owed blockbuster late fees. My game plan of waiting them out worked.
The MythBusters expense report must look dodgy as hell to the IRS
Sponges are weird. They're artificial now, but in the past people would pluck animals out of the ocean and use them to wash dishes and stuff. That seems like something you'd do in the Flintstones.
You know when you tap a YouTube video to see how much longer it's got left? I wish you could do that to people when they're talking to you.
Two decades ago, our internet couldn't work without our phones. Today our phones can't work without the internet.
Based on genital structure, skirts should really be worn by men and pants by women.
If I ever lose my pinky finger, when children ask what happened I'm going to tell them that I broke a promise.
When a pregnant woman swims, she is a human submarine.
People think it's crazy that an elephant can be scared by a mouse, but so many people are scared of insects.
They should put a tiny message at the end of chapstick tubes congratulating you for not losing the damn thing.
The guy who made Super Size Me should've done it during a Monopoly sweepstakes
As a kid, I got lectured for only doing the bare minimum to complete a task. As an engineer, I get paid to do just that.
If super heroes were real, I doubt they'd spend as much time in 1st World Countries, like they do in the comics.
Skipping any links that are videos instead of gifs brings me to a whole new level of laziness that I never knew existed.
I've always wanted to be able to hear English and not understand it.
When I first drank Bud Light, I didn't really like it because I didn't like beer. Now, I don't really like it because I like beer.
Cops are like spiders. They prevent bad things, but no one wants them around. People are scared of them. Most mind their business and do their job - but the few which are threatening terrify us.
If Steve Jobs was reincarnated into a Chinese family he would be old enough to be making iphones now.
Centaurs have two rib cages
Most of the sky is actually below your feet.
I just had a fajita wrap from Tim Hortons in New Jersey. That's Mexican food from a Canadian restaurant in the United States. I just ate North America.
My brain knows how to type without looking at the keyboard yet I can not draw a QWERTY keyboard from memory.
Some billionaire should give all their money to charity, start over, and call it prestiging.
I'm at a point in my life where 100 dollars isn't a lot to receive, but it's a lot to give.
The nice thing about pooping at a bowling alley is that nobody can tell who you are by your shoes.
Is cutting off Mike Wazowski's legs the same thing as beheading him?
Checking the "remember my password" box on a website unchecks the "remember my password" box in my head.
I'll give a million dollars to the man who can do something about motherfucking webpages moving an inch just before I click something so I hit the wrong link.
In culinary school, your dog eating your homework is a pretty legitimate concern.
Another 4 years and "The Simpsons" will be able to play a different Halloween episode every day of October.
The saying 'Money can't buy you happiness' should be changed to 'Money can't prevent sadness'
The levels of coolness associated with saying "I was in a band" vs "I was in band, " are vastly different.
Deodorant companies should stop advertising "last 48 hrs". Some people do believe that and then they get on a crowded bus.
It's pretty rare to use an entire pen without losing it first. On the other hand, It's pretty common to find a pen already out of ink, so it's a paradox in a way.
If you were to walk clockwise around the north pole, 11 miles out, you'd be stationary and using the earth as a treadmill.
Netflix is the most successful anti-piracy program ever intiated.
If most murder victims know their killer does it mean every time we meet someone new it increases our chance of being murdered?
Police should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they have to chase someone on foot.
The last ten squares on the toilet roll should have "This is NOT enough for the next person!" printed on them
I assume all skulls are male
If I were stranded on an island with a fully functioning plane and runway... I'd still be stranded on that island
Everybody gives the movie "signs" shit for having aliens that invade a planet that is 70% water and deadly to them, but we are trying to colonize mars and we can't even breathe on it
The first person to make popcorn must have been seriously freaking out.
The fact that our arms are long enough to reach our genitals is one of the biggest things we take for granted.
In the Deadpool movie, it would be awesome if Deadpool recognized Stan Lee in the cameo.
If I win the powerball I won't tell anyone, then post a status on Facebook asking if anyone could help me move some furniture. Whoever offered would get $1,000,000.
All single men at a bar, gay or straight, kinda hope all good looking straight men are gay.
Han Solo doesn't seem so great when you realize who his real-world analog would be: A trucker doing cross-border smuggling for drug cartels, who shot a guy in a bar.
People who say "sorry I look like shit, I'm not wearing any make-up" are literally apologizing for looking like a normal human being.
What if planet Earth is the "Noah's Ark" of the Galaxy and that's why we can't find life on other planets, it was destroyed long ago.
As a 30 year old, 50 year old people don't look as old as I imagined when I was a child.
Pacman was the first survival game with the undead chasing you.
Coitus and Fellatio sound like a pair of Shakespeare characters.
Seeing as how both Batman and Ironman's only real super powers are that they are super rich and very smart, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs sure turned out to be disappointments.
I should get a tattoo of a QR code, so if somebody finds my body and scans it, they'll be Rickroll'd.
People who skip church to watch football probably do more praying than they would have in church anyway.
There is no time I have ever thought, 'Oh awesome, iTunes opened itself.'
If I had a dollar for every piece of useless trivia I know, I wouldn't have any money since the trivia is no longer useless if it can earn me money.
When you have a lot, you have hair. When you only have a few, you have hairs.
Oompa Loompas were basically singing slave songs.
Youtube should have the opposite of a subscribe button that makes channels disappear from your feed completely.
Porn is the one industry where segregating races, genders, sexual preference, is completely acceptable
My parents spent the first 18 years of my life telling me how unique and special I was, then spent the rest of my life telling me I am no different than anyone else and to get a job.
We are getting a new Steve Jobs movie every other year because movie studios know that Apple fans already buy almost the same product every two years anyway.
I don't think the inventor of Twizzlers ever actually tasted a strawberry.
The more serious a relationship gets, the more casual it is
"Men are afraid of strong women" is basically "Girls don't date nice guys" for women.
Ugly Christmas sweaters were only interesting when they weren't intentionally ugly. Ugly Christmas sweater parties essentially killed ugly Christmas sweater parties.
Everyone who I've heard say "don't tell me how to raise my child" was not doing a good job at it.
If there isn't an "upside down" in space, then space battles in movies are unrealistic when the ships are always upright when they confront each other.
I once logged out of MySpace unaware of the fact I'll never sign back in
The cities in skateboarding games are really wheelchair accessible.
If Assassin's Creed keeps going up through time it'll eventually just become Splinter Cell.
I got hit by a train in my dream, and it woke me up. I got knocked conscious.
DNA is like the menu at Taco Bell, an endless recombining of 4 ingredients to achieve a new result.
As a teen, I was told not to trust anyone on the Internet, not to add everyone on Facebook, and not to be stupid online. Now, I'm telling my parents the same things.
Marriage is one of the few things where we consider someone an expert if they've only successfully done it once.
Old Spice deodorants would make great Hogwarts house names. Wolfthorn, Hawkridge, Foxcrest, Lionpride.
Teslas are so safe that they make headlines every time one crashes.
Candlelit dinners weren't so special before the light bulb was invented.
As an adult, I'm not eating nearly as much ice cream as 10 year old me thought I would.
They should make realistic Gatorade commercials where hungover people try to drink it without sitting up all the way.
The name of the band "Gorillaz" is a pun, because a group of gorillas is called a band.
I feel like a pimp taking my son around trick or treating, because I expect to get a percentage of that candy.
Whenever I hear the word "Egyptians" I never think of it referring to the people who currently live in Egypt.
My daughter routinely comes home from school with 1-2 hours of homework to do every night. If my boss did this to me I would tell him to shove it up his ass.
If you charge $300 for a textbook and I find a typo, you should cut me a check.
I have spent an entire day not seeing, hearing, looking after or cleaning up after kids. A day like this would be an unspeakable luxury if I had kids.
I wonder if my cat thinks the delivery guy is my owner because He gives Me food.
I think Mad Max would have avoided a lot of trouble over several movies had he just invested in a sand colored tarp to cover his car.
My girlfriend used to work in the food service industry. I work in IT. When someone talks about hosts and servers, we think of VERY different things.
When restaurant staff sing "Happy Birthday" and embarrass you in public, they are effectively deterring people from asking for free birthday food.
Smoking one pack of cigarettes a day decreases chances of dying of old age
When I kick in $2 for the office lottery pool, I'm not actually looking for a chance to win…. the $2 is insurance against everyone else winning, and me being left behind.
The Milky Way could well be the galaxy with the most milk in it
There should be a website where people can submit tl;dr of legal agreements for the apps we all use
My dead dads breath is still in the almost deflated kiddie pool in he closet. I wonder how often that happens.
After centuries of seeing their colonies declare independence, the UK wanted to try it out.
If you can't afford a condom, then you really can't afford NOT to have a condom.
If someone ever grabs me by the lapels and frantically asks me what the date is, I will be sure to include the year in my answer.
9 years ago: didn't own a laptop or smartphone. Today: I'm watching satellite images from Pluto on my WATCH.
If I touch my phone in the right places, a pizza will show up at my front door.
People used the cigarette lighter socket to light cigarettes, but now they use it to charge cigarettes.
Reddit is just like my real life: I'm just sitting around listening in on people's conversations, too afraid to say anything.
You know you're getting old when "Weird Al" Yankovic starts parodying songs you don't know
There should be a TV channel that shows failed TV pilot shows that most people have never seen.
If you want to be remembered after you die, borrow money from everyone you know.
USB sounds like a backup in case the USA fails.
I bet a heroin junkie could find a needle in a haystack.
If I ever lose my pinky finger, when children ask what happened I’m going to tell them that I broke a promise.
I just got married. This is the first time in my life that I've wanted to have sex with someone with same last name as me.
just drove from california to Illinois with a fly in the car. I wonder if the illinois flies will accept him as their own.
The only reason I look at a bad driver after I pass them is to see if I can confirm a stereotype.
I wonder how many more views 'Never Gonna Give You Up' would have if YouTube registered a view after only 1 second
If people adopted last names like they did in the past, Jim CustomerServicer or Matt TeamLeader are just some examples of what aweful things we'd be called.
TV really made me believe that souffles being ruined would be a frequent problem.
My wife cries her eyes out at the end of every sad movie, but if we watch the news about real life tragedies she doesn't even bat an eyelid
Why would anybody buy a bookmark for a dollar when they could use a dollar as a bookmark?
Jack really dodged a bullet by not eating those beans.
Thanks to dating apps, many people will first lay eyes on the love of their lives while evacuating their bowels.
If I lived every day like it was my last, I would have one fantastic day, but then would spend every subsequent day being poor and in jail
I pay $5 for a coffee but not $0.99 for an app
When aliens really attack Earth, my first thought is probably going to be "Which movie came the closest?"
What if we actually are living in a computer simulation, and superstitions like wishes on birthday candles or shooting stars are based on old cheat codes that have since been patched?
I would be willing to donate blood to the mosquito community, if in exchange they would stop biting me.
When you search "Best SEO (search engine optimization) tutorial", you can trust the first result.
The charity I donated $10 to a few years back has now fully spend my money by sending me cards asking me to donate more
It just occurred to me that duels were most likely scheduled at high noon so that the sun wasn't in either opponent's eyes.
If enough people in the same area have the same speech impediment it becomes an accent
Reddit is like one of those girls on Facebook that say they hate drama but actually fucking love it
The expression "Great Minds Think Alike" is the exact opposite of what we value great minds for.
I love how stars are billions of miles apart and we're like "that's a soup ladle".
A line of paint on the road holds more authority than i probably ever will.
The older I get, the lamer the superpowers I want.
Calling an infant 'tender and mild' makes it sound like a chicken wing.
You should have an opportunity to donate blood while waiting for someone else to be treated in the ER.
Teachers wont let you use Wikipedia, But they make you use 30 year old textbooks
I bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is
Cutting off one of your legs decreases your BMI, but when you cut off the other one it shoots way up again
I don't think I've ever heard a car alarm going off and thought "Oh shit, someone's car is getting stolen!"
My dogs literally eat better than millions, if not billions of humans.
Ten-year old me would be so angry to find out I could afford a monkey and haven't bought one.
I'm flabbergasted at how our education system managed to find a way to turn something as fascinating as history into a boring slog.
If i owned a taser I'd probably get curious to see how it feels and taser myself and that's why i dont own a taser.
Cemeteries would be way more interesting if they put the cause of death on the headstone
Using your old laptop to research buying a new one is like asking it to dig its own grave
Google maps should have a feature where if you know a better route, you can say "OK, Google, watch this," and then drive it. They could improve their directions that way.
There was a time when I could masturbate to a drawing of a cleavage in a comic book, but now I can't even get erect until I find "that" porn video.
There's enough apps for finding friends and lovers and soulmates. I want an app that helps me find my arch enemy.
I treat my body in a way that proves I have 100% confidence in medical science being able to fix ANY medical problem by the time I'm 50.
I'm sitting here, drinking my 6th beer, about to hop in the shower. Heading to my sisters birthday party afterwards, where my nieces and nephew will be. I just realized I'm the drunk uncle of the family.
At 31, I am older than every dog in the world.
When marijuana is legal people will say 4/20 is just another commercialized holiday.
What if the lottery is an Institution to catch Time Travelers?
Instead of letting you skip ads, YouTube should hire Vine-savvy people to create 6-second ads.
Every time I check my pockets for my wallet, keys, and phone, I do 25% of the macarena.
I wake up to a cup of coffee and browse Reddit every morning. I'm the modern day grandpa with his daily newspaper.
People assume that the first sex robots will be sold for men, but the reality is, women have already been using them for years and years
At age 25 if a friend tells me they're pregnant I don't know whether to say "oh shit!" Or "congratulations!"
I look both ways before crossing a one way street. That's how much faith I have left in humanity.
The doctors that told Stephen Hawking he had two years to live in 1963 are probably dead
If the Mythbusters made a show with the guys from Jackass (testing the myths on them) it would be spectacular.
Since I'm Canadian my two cents is rounded down to nothing
Mars...is populated entirely by robots!
Uber should have a senior discount so elderly people wouldn't have to drive if they feel like they can't drive safely
If you stay up all night and sleep all day, maybe you were meant to live on the other side of the planet.
"Ryan Reynolds" sounds like a Stan Lee character
The phrase "Do go on" contains 3 different pronunciations of the letter 'o'
Most women who keep their maiden names are just taking the names that their mothers took when they gave up their own maiden names.
There should be a movie rating based on how awkward it would be to watch with your parents.
It has gotten to the point that every time I see "defiantly" I automatically think some idiot misspelled "definitely"
Dads who tell "dad jokes" are actually funny people who had to censor their humor for a younger audience.
In the past decade, my wife and I have gone from kids trying to quietly have sex while their parents sleep to parents trying to quietly have sex while their kids sleep
If someone says they're gonna open up a can of whoop ass, that means someone out there is canning whoop ass...I'd be more afraid of that second guy.
One extra perk of becoming president is that your last name isn't incorrect in spell check anymore
The Pirate Bay should rename themselves to something that cannot be repeated on television. The following court cases and news coverage would be difficult to disseminate to a wide audience.
Bill Cosby has more rape accusers than I have consensual sex partners.
It's pretty dumb that I get a new driver's license every four years and it's made out of hard plastic and I'm supposed to have my social security card for life and it's made out of paper.
As a non-American, watching American TV I don't even notice their accent, but in real life the exact same accent is extremely noticeable.
People claim with surprise that Eskimos have 100 words for snow, but ignore that makeup companies have 1000 words for light brown.
Imitating a gun to your own head with your fingers means suicide, yet imitating a knife to your own neck is intimidation.
Antarctica has the highest average IQ of any continent.
Movies will always break monetary records because of inflation. They should be rated on how many tickets were sold versus how much money was made.
My first instinct when I see an animal is to say "hello", my first instinct when I see a human is to avoid eye contact and hope it goes away
Movie makers should be required by law to depict CPR accurately and with correct technique in their films, because movies provide the only impression of CPR that many people ever bother to get.
1/3 of marriages are now from online dating and that number is only increasing. That means that computers (algorithms) are starting to breed humans.
I wonder if there are any times on the clock that I have never seen.
If Fallout 4 didn't take place in USA you probably wouldn't find live ammo in a dead woman's sundress
Drunk History is all fine and good, but I would watch the shit out of High Conspiracy Theories.
When we want another's thoughts, we say "penny for your thoughts." When we offer up our own, we say "putting my two cents in." We value our own opinion twice as much.
Jesus coming to earth, making friends, dying and revealing himself to be god's son is like the ultimate episode of undercover boss.
Reddit is like my fridge. After the fifth time opening it I know everything that's in there, but I keep finding myself opening it in the hopes of something new.
On Windows, hitting Ctrl+Alt+Del (or Ctrl+Shift+Esc) is your way of telling a program "I want to speak to your manager".
I just realized that when I got clothes for Christmas as a kid from grandma, it wasn't a gift for me but for my broke mom
Porn and the WWE are essentially the same. Both feature unrealistic representations of humans taking way longer to accomplish something, in which the acting doesn't matter and the more outrageous the personality, the more popular.
To announce who the new Batman was they should have released an image of the actor in costume then have people work out who he is from the face to see if Batman's disguise is good enough.
I have never in my life wanted to text ducking.
Everyone who thinks they're the Jim Halpert of their office is usually the Andy Bernard.
The person who accurately predicts the end of the world will never get acknowledged for it.
Blind kids can stay up reading under the covers and their parents can't ever tell
China has a billion people in it. One-in-a-million things happen one thousand times a day.
The early days of the internet was like a huge park. You browsed around, played games, learned a bit, and had to take your time. Now its like a big city, you are bombarded with ads, everyone is running, and shady people troll and try to screw you over.
IMDb should have an "it's on Netflix" tag
Jon Stewart sure picked the shittiest year ever to retire....
If I had a PhD, I'd buy takeout a lot, and when it got to me I'd say "this is just what the doctor ordered."
I don't know what the word irony means anymore because so many people keep using it incorrectly. Oddly enough I suspect that that's ironic but I have no clue.
Titanic was released 85 years after the incident and was a loved movie. I wonder if in 2096 it would be acceptable to make a love story of 9/11
Polo referees should ride Zebras
It's technically illegal to buy a child, yet "adoptions" require an exchange of money. So really, adoption is just the legal purchase of a baby.
Newborns are always crying because any discomfort is literally one of the worst things they have ever experienced.
As a paramedic, I'll be one of the first to be bitten in a zombie apocalypse
Now that The Pirate Bay is based at a .cr domain (Costa Rica), they truly are The Pirates of the Caribbean.
Valve (Steam) should put machines like Coinstar in GameStop and at malls so that you can put your loose change into your Steam Wallet.
Pornography is the only profession where amateur products can be in higher demand than professional ones.
When I tell people "I saw it on the Internet," even if I'm right, they think I'm an uninformed crazy person and can't be trusted to make decisions.
Video game streamers are just like pornstars. You're an entertainer that will never go mainstream. Your target audience are aged 14 to 30, mostly male. Your career gets shorter as you get older. You are doing the exact same thing as millions of people except you are recording it.
The most realistic part of GTA V is when I'm charged $5,000 every time I go to the hospital.
Cracking my knuckles is an ability that has a cooldown.
It's kinda sad that we're in a time where a main selling point in advertisements of foods is that they're made with 100% of the "real" ingredients that they're supposed to be made up of.
If we pop bubble wrap made in China, the air that comes out is from China
I bet couples in the Harry Potter universe sometimes use polyjuice potion to turn into one another and have sex.
Those custom child bedrooms made in Extreme Makeover Home Edition must suck for the teenagers that live in them now
If the next president is white, the United States will have successfully gone black and then gone back.
We live in an age where your last words may be an emoticon.
For April Fools' Day 'The Onion' should run real news stories.
Giving someone gold on Reddit is like saying "I enjoyed what you said enough to pay you for it. But instead I'm going to pay someone else to give you a tiny pixelated gold image."
The less taste water has, the better it tastes.
My grandkids are going to ask the question "you mean cars could just run into each other, and people died all the time in car accidents?"
As a Japanese speaker, I have to take extra few seconds to force my brain to not treat ツ as an character when I read ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
If the girls who post on r/gonewild saw pictures of the guys who were commenting on their photos, they probably wouldn't feel the same level of validation anymore.
Tomorrow I graduate. In all likelihood at least one picture taken will be used at my funeral to remember me. Tomorrow I pose for my funeral.
If two people on opposite sides of the world each drop a piece of bread, the Earth briefly becomes a sandwich.
Subreddits that don't allow downvoting are basically Facebook.
Old music sounds better than today's music because nobody remembers the shitty ones.
I wonder how many thousands of dollars I have missed out on in special effects in movies by blinking.
If I died today, I wonder how many people would post on my facebook wall pretending they knew me better than they did.
There should be affordable universities for people who just want to continue learning throughout life. Not to get a degree, or a better job; just a place to learn, foster ideas and meet others who are doing the same.
Somewhere, there's a 50 year old billionaire who's future trophy wife hasn't even been born yet.
Knowing you sleep 8 hours a day or you spend 1/3 of your life sleeping sounds perfectly normal. But, if you tell me I'm asleep 4 months out of every year, it sounds insane.
I think the Wicked Witch kept the flying monkeys around to mask her terrible smell since she could never shower.
James Bond is going to need a Visa for his missions now.
Trailer Park Boys are the adult version of Ed, Edd &amp; Eddy. Three nutjobs try a bunch of schemes to get rich, and almost always fail hilariously.
My phone when I'm bored is like my fridge when I'm hungry.
I wonder if spiders get as pissed off as I do when I walk through their webs...
There should be a shop where they have a boob scanner which 3D prints the perfect bra for you.
Every time one of my relatives (mostly Grandma) try to convince me to have kids, they're literally rooting for me to come inside a girl.
Rap songs that reference dollar values won't adjust for inflation and the references will sound cheaper over time.
The sheer lack of child zombies in Walking Dead would mean that society was already doomed before the outbreak
"Is anyone downloading something?" is just the 21rst century version of "Is someone using hot water?"
When you're criticised for being short, they're really just saying the worst thing about you is that there isn't more of you
If you step on people's feet, they will open their mouth, just like trash bins.
When the North Korean citizens finally get freedom of information and internet they're going to realize the whole world was making fun of their country
The DMV should make keychain sized driver's licenses so nobody can drive without carrying licenses by accident.
If a Stormtrooper shoots and kills a major character in the new Star Wars movie, it will be the greatest plot twist of all time.
Adult websites should make MILF related premium content free today
If you had a kid named Marco, the worst place to lose him would be at a swimming pool.
Colgate had a 5 million dollar commercial to tell me to turn my faucet off to save water for the needy. When that 5 million could buy 74,671,445 bottles of water and they could tell me how to brush my teeth on their box.
There's a point when parents stop hoping you're not having sex, and start hoping you ARE having sex.
By typing "HEY, YOUR FOOD IS READY" here, there's a good chance I just helped someone out.
If I die in the same hospital as I was born in the average velocity of my life would be 0
I bet I can have pretty loud sex without offending the neighbors, as long as I play the Game of Thrones theme song first.
"Toxins" are just the modern day equivalent to evil spirits; mysterious entities in your body which require esoteric substances and rituals to expel.
The reason why ghosts don't kill people in real life is because if they did, those people would become ghosts and it would become really awkward.
Batman only fights crime at night because otherwise he would have weird and obvious tan lines.
More people have visited the International Space Station than my house.
If Stan Lee's cameos in Marvel movies were actually all one single character, he'd be an inter-dimensional being traveling through time and space to seemingly observe various heroes at key moments of their lives. It would easily make him one of the most powerful characters in the Marvel Universe
In Shakespearean English, a euphemism for a guys penis was “wit”. So, “the length of a man’s wit” is actually a clever euphemism for talking about how big his dick was. This brings a whole new meaning to the Harry Potter Ravenclaw tagline of “wit beyond measure is a man’s greatest treasure”.
Video game monsters always carry gold because that's what the villain paid them to kill you.
Self Driving Cars are going to Exponentially Increase the Amount of Car Sex
If Hillary Clinton wins in 2016, it will be the first time that two presidents have had sex with each other.
If someone says "pinch me, I must be dreaming". You shouldn't pinch them, because if they wake up you stop existing.
The boy scouts should sell jerky door to door. I would get excited about that.
It is amazing to think that nighttime is actually the natural state of the universe, and the only reason we have daytime is because Earth just so happens to be facing a giant star illuminating it.
Smoking cigarettes is a great way to commit suicide if you're a procrastinator.
Every time you've beaten a computer at chess it's because it let you win.
I wonder if I have ever seen the same ant twice
When Rick Astley really dies, nobody will click on the link because they are scared of being Rickrolled.
Having $200 in your bank account feels amazing when you're younger, but terrifying when you're older.
The person directly in front of you is also the person that is the farthest behind you.
It must suck when billionaires wake up feeling like a million bucks
I always avoid the 'Ad' links when Google searching, even when that is the link that I want.
When I was young, falling in love was easy. Getting laid was not. Now that I'm older, getting laid is easy, finding love appears to be damn right impossible.
Asking someone "where are you" is a recent thing. Before we had mobile phones, the only way we could talk to people is if we knew where they were.
If I was a pornstar, I'd be pretty god damn salty that Kim Kardashian is number #1 on Pornhub
Depression is like being in an emotionally abusive relationship with your brain
Agar.io is basically that game that you watched as a kid where you look at the rain drops sliding down on the car windshield.
Yesterday I got a free burrito from Chipotle that they gave away as a result of the E. Coli outbreaks. I have never gotten E. Coli. Thus E. Coli has only had a positive impact on my life.
"Google Drive" will mean a completely different thing in a few years.
Kanye West should've waited until Taylor Swift was accepting her Grammy and released his new album as she started her speech.
Bisexual girls could alternatively be called "more-or-less-bians"
Naming a porn website "Brazzers" is really considerate because the name can be typed entirely with the left-hand.
Myers Briggs Personality Types are like Zodiac signs for people who think they're too smart to believe in astrology.
Google should launch Googlr, similar to Tinder, Grindr, and Sizzlr, to match you with potential soulmates based on your search history.
Self-driving cars will occasionally be pulling up to a destination with a corpse inside, the sole passenger having expired during the trip.
The only thing I would actually pay an arm and a leg for would be a futuristic, robotic arm and a leg.
How hilarious would it be if farting was as contagious as yawning
Being a professor at Hogwarts sounds highly prestigious until you realize you're still just a high school/middle school teacher
When I was a child I slept with the door open because I was scared of what might be inside my room. Now I sleep with my door closed because of what might be outside my room.
Milk is a flavor of chocolate, but chocolate is a flavor of milk
The Incredibles is really dark for a kids movie. The villain murders dozens, tries to kill some parents, tries to kill some kids, kidnaps a baby, and is then shredded alive in a jet engine.
r/tifu would be a lot more interesting if people could go on reddit for an hour after they die
With so many kids using iPads and other tablets, Apple should have a setting that makes Siri ask for proper manners to help teach them since they talk to her so often.
I've only seen "Babe" once but I've said "That'll do pig" at least 1,000 times
The Internet is basically a teenager right now. It's got all this potential, but the only thing it's focused on is buying things, trying to be popular, and sex.
If humans had invented refrigeration early on, our food would be extremely bland with no cheeses, cured meats, pickled veggies, smoked fish, sweet jams, etc.
I wonder how many amazing songs have been made by completely unknown musicians and will be never heard
Using energy from a wind farm to power a fan is like shipping wind long distance.
As time passes, more and more people will believe "That '70s Show" was made in the '70s.
"One man's trash is another man's treasure" would be a terrible way to let your child know that they're adopted.
The fact that a 4 years old kid can use an smart phone does not mean the kid is a genius, it means engineers are.
If I forget my password it means my past self has outwitted my present self
Math teachers help the world by creating problems.
According to the mac &amp; cheese box, I am a family of 4
Knowing how to change a tire and jumpstart a dead battery should be part of the test for a drivers license.
"See you next year" must be the most over used dad-joke every December.
The world's best masseuse will never get the world's best massage.
Thanks to the word "indescribable", there's nothing that cannot be described
Bill Nye's recent spike in popularity is due to the generation of kids who watched his videos in grade school coming to power.
I think of all you people as my minions working hard to find funny and interesting things for me on the internet.
In Phantom Menace, there were more than a hundred Jedi and only 2 Sith. If Anakin is meant to bring balance to the force, the Jedi council must have known what the only logical outcome of training Anakin will have been.
Our diets are comprised of almost all dead stuff. But if something has been dead for too long it's inedible and rotten. Our food has to be the right amount of dead to be edible.
If you have a 3d printer, you could torrent Lego sets.
Sleep is like a 33% tax on life.
Whoever decided farts are embarrassing really ruined it for the rest of us.
The saddest thing about the 'Last time I had sex was in 2003' song line in Jon Lajoie's Everyday Normal Guy song is that it gets a little bit sadder every year.
I correct autocorrect more than it corrects me.
V, The Roman numeral for 5, is the top half of X, the Roman numeral for 10.
My Blizzard account has more security than my bank account.
Most millionaires continue to work very hard despite being worth millions of dollars. There is no way I'd be working, which is why I probably won't be a millionaire.
Now thats millions of people have ditched cable for services like Netflix, millions of children are going to grow up without being (as) influenced by commercials and the news. It's a social experiment in waiting.
When people say "I'd love to be in the zombie apocalypse!" They're basically saying, "I'd love to go on a killing spree and not feel bad about it"
I want to see an action movie in which Tom Cruise defects from a cult, and then gets revenge on the leadership who would threaten his family
If there's ever an X-men movie solely about Mystique, a mirror would make a great movie poster.
If the word "bomb" was pronounced like "womb" and "tomb" it would be almost onomatopoeic.
Toys R Us should change their mascot from a giraffe to a dinosaur, a "Toysaurus".
If you had to donate $5 in order to change your profile picture, my news feed would probably be a lot less french
A ton of cows is not a lot of cows
Finally figured out what makes Clickbait titles so effective.
Bill Gates has about $6 for every year the universe has existed.
There should be a place that guarantees not to talk to you while giving you a haircut.
If McDonald's "forgot" a $.50 piece of extra cheese 10 times a day at each of their 36,000 locations, that wasn't disputed, then they steal 60+ million dollars a year.
Reddit is like a friend that you think is really funny at first until you realize that they just repeat the same jokes over and over again.
28 years of training, give or take, and I'm still not sure I've mastered wiping my butt efficiently.
People say new cars are horrible investments, that they drop in value the minute you drive off of the lot. My college textbooks dropped 90% in value as soon as I opened them.
Being attracted to women or men who wear glasses is the one fetish for the disabled that is socially acceptable
Every insect I've ever killed just lost its Final Boss Battle...
Folding clothes is just creating socially-accepted wrinkles.
It must be really tough to play a "Q" tile in Scrabble in England when you have to waste the "U" on words like "colour" and "labour".
What if all humans are born with one wish, but we all wasted it when we were 4-5 on some candy or getting a ball for christmas
Ironically, The One Ring from Lord of The Rings is probably the most replicated ring ever.
We should get an employee discount with self checkout
It will really freak Marty McFly out when he arrives and everyone is expecting him, dressed up like him, and having parties in his honor.
Wearing earphones at the gym is sometimes less about listening to your own music, and more about blocking out the terrible music they play.
When I was 16 I'd sneak out to smoke pot so my parents wouldn't find out. Now I'm 38 and I sneak out so my 16 year old doesn't find out.
If the Pope sneezes, nobody is in a high enough position of power to bless him
When I touch my girlfriend with my cold hands, I am literally taking energy from her for myself. Like a supervillain.
I wonder if they draw Waldo first and then fill everyone in around him, or draw everything first and then find somewhere to hide him.
The reason the washing machine only eats one sock is because when it eats the whole pair I never notice.
4chan has an uncomfortable amount of 30-year-old men openly lusting after 15-year-old girls. Tumblr has an uncomfortable amount of 15-year-old girls lusting after 30-year-old men.
Baby names aren't actually baby names, they are just 'names'.
Reddit cares more about Leonardo's Oscar than Leonardo does.
As a very slim, small person, I like to think people believe they hit the jackpot when I choose to sit next to them on a plane.
There should be a website where you can enter all of your measurements and find out what clothing brands will likely fit you best.
If I were a cop, I'd drive an unmarked car with a "honk if you're drunk" bumper sticker.
Four-leaf clovers ARE lucky, considering our species has been systematically trying for some time now to remove them from the gene pool.
If we had no eyes then we would be unaware of the existence of color. What if we are are missing an entire aspect of everything simply because we do not have the organ to detect it?
As a woman pregnant with a baby boy, I'm literally growing a penis
If humans would live up to 1000 years instead of 100 or less we would think very differently about climate change.
If a centaur gave me a blow job, it'd just be gay human sex. If I gave a centaur a blow job, it'd be bestiality.
If you view a bald eagle at the zoo, you are looking at the American symbol of freedom in captivity.
The question "Am I as bored as you are?" can be read backwards and still make sense.
Sometimes I wonder if my life is in shambles because of all the chain letters that I never forwarded to ten of my closest friends.
When a university rejects your application, you literally paid them money just for them to tell you to go fuck yourself.
Kids of the future will think the emergency number 911 was because of 9/11
In 50 years, 'Old lady' names will be things like Tiffany, Brittany, and Nikki.
Children of gay couples probably shouldn't gift a #1 Dad mug on Father's Day
I wonder how many watches are still ticking in buried coffins.
Being described as "The Last of My Name" is way cooler than "an only child"
As a child I was told Wikipedia was an unreliable website and I should never use it. Now it's the first place I go when I need information.
Meaning of ASAP has changed from "As soon as possible" to "Fucking now"
Tinder and Spotify should pair up and match you with people who listen to the same music as you.
I always want a poo that requires one clean wipe, but when it comes back clean I always double check because I don't believe the first one.
Neil Patrick Harris has kissed more girls during his time on How I Met Your Mother than I have in my entire lifetime. And he's gay.
There will never be any more people older than me than there are right now.
I left my moms house to deal with shitty roommates, higher bills, and more responsibilities just so I can comfortably have sex.
Like my grandparents, one day I'll tell my grandchildren what life was like in the 20's &amp; 30's.
Leggings, yoga pants, skinny jeans; it's like this decade was made for the ass man.
My worst trait as a shitty American is experiencing frustration when filling out a profile and finding that the 'Country' section doesn't have USA listed at the top
It feels way more like Starwars season than it does Christmas this year
Door to door salespeople are just real life popup ads.
Reddit is the only website where I come looking for NSFW content and end up getting distracted by SFW content.
When The Simpsons first aired, I was 10 years old, the same age as Bart. Today, I am Homer's age.
Menstruation is essentially like organizing a party without inviting any guests, and then angrily throwing out all the decoration when no one shows up.
You can safely store milk and raw beef at 101.5 °F... in a cow.
I occasionally still catch myself thinking 'when I grow up I'm going to...', then I remember that I'm in my 30s with a wife and child, a house, car, job...
When you say the word "crisp", it moves from the back of your mouth to the front as you say it.
I can't imagine a male version of Orange is the New Black-- a show about men going to prison and having sex with each other that I have to convince my girlfriend to watch with me and all my straight male friends and I love and talk about it.
There should be a Rotten Tomatoes type site that rates critics instead of films so we know whose opinions to completely ignore.
The ability for humans to toss/throw/lob an object with a decent level of accuracy while calculating the angle, speed, distance and trajectory in a split second is incredible.
If ghosts are real, why do people expect to see them in abandoned old places? If I were a ghost I'd hang out at like disneyland or a girl's shower room
Of all the billions of people out there, I am the one who has your attention.
My cat probably thinks I go to the vet everyday since that's the only place he has been that's not home
The more a musician says their name at the beginning of their songs, the less I believe in their talent.
In a few generations, kids will be frustratedly trying to remember today's date for a U.S. history test.
My body has its own version of Newton's law - when I'm awake I want to stay awake and when I'm sleeping I want to keep sleeping.
We make fun of people who're liking their own comments or posts on Facebook, but on Reddit it's a default practice to like your own comments or posts.
You don't teleport to the the other edge playing PacMan, the maze is a sphere and we're looking at it like a world map.
10 Things I Hate About You sounds like a movie that would be produced by BuzzFeed
Foo Fighters have been around for like 20 years, yet i hear the same damn 4 songs on the radio.
If the toys in Toy Story died the kids would keep playing with them like normal but the other toys would be playing with their dead friend.
The speed of a clock's second hand is exactly 1 RPM.
Winning a jar of jelly beans by guessing how many are in the jar is probably the worse prize ever because someone counted every one of those beans and I bet they didn't wear gloves.
If you were learing English by watching cop shows, you might think that "Freeze" means "Run"
Having a creative password is really unfortunate. Because as much as you want to, you can't tell anyone about it.
Pain is nature's way of saying "don't do that". Painkillers are man's way of saying "Watch me"
If I treated real life like Reddit, anytime I would walk into a crowded room, I'd yell out a thought or question, leave for 10 minutes, go back in and walk around trying to hear if people were talking about what I said.
The reason it seems like everyone in public restrooms always has crazy diarrhea is probably because no one really wants to shit in a public restroom unless it's an emergency.
Pandora should have a never play this Artist again button.
I kind of hope that one day in the future our recorded history gets lost or distorted to the point that the events of the Lord of The Rings are somehow misinterpreted to have actually happened long ago.
There is a teenager on Reddit right now who will become famous - causing future historians to pour over his dank memes looking for clues to write his biography.
The more attractive you are, the less likely you are to be corrected when you're wrong. No wonder super hot people say such dumb stuff.
If Jesus were born today, DNA tests would prove who the father was.
According to the "Third time's a charm" rule, Germany will somehow win the next world war.
On a clear day I can only see about 4 miles to the horizon, but on a clear night I can see millions of light years.
Thought from my Grandfather today, 'Life was tough then, but society is harder now'
All restrooms should be pull to enter, push to leave
The speed of a clock's second hand is exactly 1 RPM.
When I die I want to see a mental highlight reel of all the best shots I've made tossing things into trashcans
Leap Day should be an international holiday where all business is expressly forbidden. Everyone gets a "free day" to spend extra time with loved ones, chase dreams, or try something new.
If ghosts existed, why are they all apparently from the last 100 years or so? Wouldn't there be evidence of a Neanderthal ghost here and there?
Being in college at 28 is like going to Chuck E. Cheese. I'm the oldest person here by far, there's a bunch of little kids running around crying and playing stupid games with each other, and after spending a ridiculous amount of money and earning enough points then maybe I can get a shitty prize.
Santa Claus probably regrets giving coal to naughty kids now that global warming is threatening his habitat.
If bill gates lost $1mil at a casino, he could buy the casino to get his money back.
Getting another set of teeth would be much more useful at age 60 than age 6.
The i is the center of the word "hurricane".
Maybe people don't put cats in boxes on the side of the road, they just put out an empty box and all the stray cats in the area just sit in it.
I haven't misspelled bananas in 10 years thanks to Gwen Stefani.
Today's date (2-20-2015) looks like it's stuttering
r/mildlyinfuriating should have been spelled wrong
If I'm brushing my teeth next to someone I always brush a bit longer than when I'm by myself.
The creepiest possible thing you could see in r/creepy would be a picture of yourself, on you computer browsing reddit.
The porn stars I'll eventually beat off to as an old man haven't even been born yet.
If I moon you, photons that touched my butt touch your eyes
I have never heard a woman narrate a movie trailer.
Tim Curry is British, famous in the US, and 69 years old. He must be bricking it.
About an hour after the final scene in many Disney movies, the main character will be losing her virginity.
Over time, the insult "two dollar whore" has become progressively more offensive.
Reddit is a lot like scientology. Batshit crazy, hard to leave, and every now and again a celebrity shows up.
There's a massive difference between eating ramen noodles because you want to and eating them because you have to.
We will never hear about the truly perfect crime.
I wish I could switch how I feel in the morning and the night, so when I wake up it feels like there's no way I could go back to sleep and when I go to bed I fall asleep the second I close my eyes.
Only 1 company is allowed to produce the board game 'Monopoly' - which seems tragically ironic
Burger King employees should be called Burger Knights.
"No Means No" would be a great title for a beginners Spanish textbook.
Sitting on the toilet upvoting and downvoting on Reddit is the closest I'll ever be to a king judging from a throne.
Someday there will be a TIL post about how Disney didn't create Star Wars but was actually made by some guy named George Lucas.
It's weird how yogurt is almost exclusively advertised to women
We store so much data, there will probably eventually be digital archaeologists. Like Neo meets Indiana Jones.
The World's most masculine name is 'Guy Chapman' as it's effectively 'Bloke Blokebloke'.
The reason i like reddit is it gives me answer to questions i didn't even know how to ask.
The woman I am most likely interested in isn't at bars or meetup, but at home watching Netflix, and there's no way I'll ever meet her.
In the word "scent", is it the S or the C that is silent?
If I treated people how I wanted to be treated, I would go around sucking dick.
GTA 7 will play very boring because of self-driving cars.
Weed is now legal in DC. But still illegal to buy, sell or consume it in public. Although you can gift it. This is practically the definition of sex.
In the distant future some kid will disappoint their parents because they want to get an art history degree and concentrate on memes of the 2010s.
I base my purchases almost solely on user reviews, but I never review products myself.
Somewhere, there really *is* a couple named Adam and Steve, and they're tired of people pointing it out.
Going to see Star Wars tomorrow. I think I'm more excited about no longer having to dodge spoilers than I am to see the actual movie.
There are places in the Australian outback where if you are there at the right time the closest person to you will be an astronaut on the ISS.
I guess if I had to eat a person I would want them to be a vegetarian. I like irony and prefer grass fed beef.
Pornhub should have a memories app like Facebook
Sunburn is actually pretty crazy. Something 93 million miles away is burning you.
Hurricanes are becoming so powerful and violent that they should be named after fictitious monsters and villains to encourage evacuation. Hurricane Patricia doesn't sound scary, but Hurricane Sauron does.
I wonder how often I turn up in other peoples dreams to do weird shit...
Reddit humor is having inside jokes with strangers.
When getting all depressed about my sad, shitty life I realized that my dog will be lucky to live another 4 years and he doesn't act like a little bitch about it.
In movies where Santa exists and the parents don't believe in him, WHERE THE FUCK DID THEY THINK THE PRESENTS WERE COMING FROM?
I wish I could unlearn English for one day so I could hear how it sounds without meaning
A buttload is an actual measurement for drug smugglers.
If your shirt isn't tucked into your pants, then your pants are tucked into your shirt.
If Kirby grew a beard it would also be his pubes.
Since we sent a robot to Mars before sending humans, isn't it possible that the first extraterrestrials that we encounter on Earth could not be the aliens themselves, but their technology instead?
We've passed the turning point where numbers are now more difficult to type on phones than letters.
What if Earth is the uncontacted Amazonian Tribe of the Galaxy, and aliens don't want to contact us because they want to preserve our primitive and unique culture.
Anyone under 13 probably doesn't understand why we say hang up the phone
Ellen should give away more stuff like Oprah and rename her show Ellen de Generous
It was pretty cool that all the Jewish kids didn't ruin Santa for us when we were younger.
Killing a spider makes the spider genetic pool sneakier and more deadly.
I can only visualize a gallon in the shape of a milk jug.
If our ass was split horizontally, it would clap when we run down the stairs.
I feel like the kind of person who might mess with Texas wouldn't be dissuaded by a bumper sticker.
It's good that Wolverine can heal. He stabs people and never cleans his claws before retracting them. He would have all sorts of blood diseases...
Today earphones have replaced hats. You take them off only when you meet someone you have respect for.
It's been over a decade and we still haven't introduced bold and italics to text messages.
Of all the things that "Tastes like chicken", eggs are ironically not one of them.
I always stress out trying to hide my boner in public, but I've never noticed another guy have a boner before
If 50cent kept up with inflation, he'd be 73cent
Dolphins are so smart, that once captured, train humans to stand at the edge of the pool and feed them fish
Maybe ghosts have sheets over them because they're people who died thinking hiding under their sheets would save them
I've gotten out of bed every day for 18 years. That's 6,570 sit-ups and I don't have one ab to show for it.
If fire drills have done anything for me, they've taught me to treat fire alarms as a joke.
I know more people whose lives were ruined as a result of World of Warcraft than as a result of smoking pot
To me, everyone on Reddit has the same sounding voice.
I wonder what the orphans in Stewart Little felt like after being told a potential family picked a mouse over them.
If I started a religion, my God would have created everything in two days and then relaxed for five.
Sex is the only activity where hiring a professional is considered wrong and is often illegal
We are the first generation where turning something off and on again fixes the problem because we are the first generation where most problems aren't mechanical. That's why older generations are always so amazed when we fix things, it used to take a lot of skill to fix things.
As a straight male, I sincerely hope that every man who is better looking than me is gay.
an easy way to spot a drug dealer is by how fast someone can do weight conversions
Talking to people on the internet in the 90s meant I was a loser with no friends, not talking to people on the internet now means I am a loser with no friends.
What if Harry was just in a coma for 7 years because he actually just ran head first into a wall at a train station
If Sheldon from Big Bang Theory was a real person, there would likely be few things on earth he would hate more than the show itself
If someone knocks on my door to talk religion, I shoo them away. If someone wanted to talk about hypothetical space worlds, I'd probably invite them in.
I wish we had the ability to dream together with other people. Like multi-player dreaming.
there should be a show called 'The King of Bel-Air' where Will Smith plays a similar role Uncle Phil was playing in the fresh prince.
If batman's parents were still alive he would probably still be raised by Alfred.
If you keep asking "why" about something, you'll eventually arrive at quantum mechanics
5% of the toilet paper I use is for wiping my ass, 95% percent of it is to keep my fingers from touching shitty toilet paper.
What if Deadpool is actually a romantic comedy and the film's marketing team has tricked men into thinking it was an action-comedy.
If you break the laws of man, you go to jail. If you break the laws of god, you go to hell. If you break the laws of physics, you go to Sweden and get a nobel prize.
The longest most of us will ever go without masturbating is roughly 12 years. That's from birth to 12 years old.
It is literally impossible to forget something on purpose, yet we get angry with people if they forget things.
The phrase "I didn't choose the thug life, the thug life chose me" is actually a depressing statement about how people are born into gang culture and the cycle of poverty.
What if the Egyptians didn't actually revere cats, but only jokingly did like we do on the internet?
Little Caesars should use "Eat two, Brute" as a slogan.
Imagine how terrifying horses would be if they were carnivorous.
Lobsters are mermaids to scorpions.
If you lie on the ground on your back, it's like the world is your backpack and you're carrying it through space.
There's a moment in every Redditors day where they finally click that boring looking link they've ignored this morning because everything else is already purple.
One of the lesser known advantages of owning a cat is that they will alert you if a red dot from a sniper rifle appears on your body by frantically jumping on you.
Fleeing from police is like choosing the double or nothing option.
If job ads say "must be fluent in Mandarin" why don't they post the entire ad in Mandarin, that way only genuinely fluent people could apply?
Once you have a PhD, every meeting you go to becomes a doctor's appointment
A "lethal dose" is also a "lifetime supply".
Telling my parents I'm moving to Colorado for the skiing is like telling my girlfriend I'm going to Hooters for the wings
You've never met the loneliest person.
Managers should have to get letters of recommendation from the people below them before moving up to a higher position
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds super rad if you don't know what either of those things are.
The object of golf is to play the least amout of golf.
Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid.
April Fool's Day is the one day of the year when people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as true.
Websites should post their password requirements on their login pages so I can remember WTF I needed to do to my normal password to make it work on their site
I have never once hit the space bar while watching a YouTube video with the intention of scrolling halfway down the page
Netflix needs an incognito mode so that I can watch terrible films without getting recommended more terrible films
There should be confetti in tires so when there is a blow out it's still kind of an okay day
When Sweden is playing Denmark, it is SWE-DEN. The remaining letters, not used, is DEN-MARK.
Senior citizen discounts should just round dollar amounts down so we don't have to wait in line behind them while they dig for change.
In the future, imagine how many Go-Pros will be found in snow mountains containing the last moments of peoples lives.
Maybe 'Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?' isn't a show that displays how stupid grown adults can be, but rather, a show that depicts how much useless information we teach grade schoolers that won't be retained or applicable later in life.
Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank god it's the yawn.
"The Bachelor" is a show about a man dating multiple women at once that is primarily watched by women who hate men who date multiple women at once.
"DO NOT TOUCH" would probably be a really unsettling thing to read in braille.
Your dog doesn't know you can make mistakes. When you trip over him in the dark, he thinks you got up just to kick him in the head.
There should be an app like tinder but for jobs. Like hey you have 42 jobs that meet your qualifications near you. Then the company can swipe left for awful applications.
If Leonardo Dicaprio ever wins an Oscar, he should pull out a dusty piece of paper and do an acceptance speech as if it's from 1993
Almost every hand I've ever shaken has had a dick in it.
I used hola unblocker to watch Argo on the Canadian Netflix. I was an American who had to pretend to be Canadian to watch a movie about Americans who have to pretend to be Canadians making a movie.
Now that cellphones are becoming more and more waterproof, pretty soon it will be okay to push people into pools again.
The best item to protect you from sasquatch attacks is a camera.
Shrek is a movie about loving yourself for who you are despite your physical appearance, but during the entire film they are making fun of Lord Farquaad for being short instead of all his other detestable qualities.
Maybe if we announce that Buzzfeed's shutting down, Buzzfeed will announce that it's shutting down.
Every time you upvote someone, you are making their day better, at the cost of nothing.
There should by a gym where the membership fee is extremely high at the beginning of the month but you earn money back for every day you end up going and working out for at least an hour.
I'm convinced most of the adults who told me wiki is unreliable, now use viral facebook posts for most of their news sources.
Becoming an adult feels like slowly being put into a managerial position you didn't really want
Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
instead of all the prequel and sequel movies coming out, they should start making equels - films shot in the same time period as the original film, but from an entirely different perspective
Apple has "air." Amazon has "fire." Google has "earth." I think Microsoft should create something called "water."
If you swap the spinach for beer, then any episode of Popeye becomes a bitter story of a raging alcoholic, right down to the speech impediment and tendency to fight people who he believes are trying to steal "his girl"
Netflix is like a refrigerator full of food but with nothing I want to eat.
Since smart watches can now read your pulse, there should be a feature that erases your browser history if your heart stops beating.
X88B88 looks like the word voodoo reflecting off of itself.
Bushing your teeth is the only time you clean your skeleton
Making fun of a fat person at the gym is like making fun of a homeless person at a job fair.
"Go to bed, you'll feel better in the morning" is the human version of "Did you turn it off and turn it back on again?"
My 18 month daughter has reached the intelligence level of The Sims. She can move around, clap at random things and make garbage sounds but everything else we have to direct her to do.
My debit card pays for things with past hours of my life, and my credit card pays with future hours of my life.
Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl got really lucky when they named their son Dash as they had no way of knowing he'd have super speed as a superpower.
We should have a holiday called Space Day, where lights are to be shut off for at least an hour at night to reduce light pollution, so we can see the galaxy.
Your shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you.
If you aren't at least a little ashamed of your country's history, you don't know your country's history.
Dogs probably destroy shoes because they see humans put them on before they leave the house.
The sinking of the Titanic must have been a miracle to the lobsters in the kitchen.
Car horns should only be allowed to be in pitches C, E, and G, so whenever two people honk at the same time it will be in harmony and traffic jams will sound like symphonies.
The person who would proof read Hitler's speeches was a grammar Nazi.
Between "South Park", "Rick and Morty", "Archer", etc., I watch more cartoons now than I did as a kid.
A bachelor party is more appropriate after a divorce than before a wedding.
